{
  "workgroup": "Archives Workgroup",
  "workgroup_id": "05ddaaf0-1dde-4d84-a722-f82c8479a8e9",
  "meetingInfo": {
    "typeOfMeeting": "Monthly",
    "date": "2025-01-08",
    "host": "Stephen [QADAO]",
    "documenter": "CallyFromAuron",
    "peoplePresent": "Andr\u00e9, CallyFromAuron, Stephen [QADAO], LadyTempestt",
    "purpose": "Regular monthly meeting"
  },
  "agendaItems": [
    {
      "status": "carry over",
      "decisionItems": [
        {
          "decision": "Gorga presented Gamers Guild representation.",
          "effect": "mayAffectOtherPeople"
        },
        {
          "decision": "Stephen showed updates to the AI workflow issue.",
          "effect": "affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}